We're literally doing it differently from everybody else. Do you not understand that they are that way? Because you're Joe Flacco. You just like to discredit things that people deserve credit for, that you can't possibly be accepted beg you to defend that. Talk about the game, ma'am. Who cares about what people think about us? Yes, I like the ball. Like the fall season. All the things that go with it. Welcome in to the Pffnfl podcast deplozo back here with Sam Monson. We're going through all things Week 16. But first, don't forget all first time depositors at Monkey Knife Fight to put at least $20 into their account. While using the promo code, PFF will receive a free PFF Edge annual subscription. This deal will not last forever, Sam. It's $40 of value for just $20, and you get the opportunity to turn that $20 into even more money. Playing daily fantasy and prop games are one of the fastest growing fantasy sports sites in the US. It's Monkey Knife Fight. So go to Monkey Knife Fight, deposit your $20, use the promo code PFF today and receive your free PFF Edge annual subscription. I cannot emphasize this enough. It's going away very soon. So if you've heard me say this before, go do it right now. A lot of good stuff coming out very shortly with PFF Edge. So go do that right now over at Monkey Knife Fight. Pff is the promo code. Also, don't forget, we've got the opportunity to get Action Pro. So you subscribe to PFF Elite, the annual subscription. Use the promo code Action to receive a year of Elite subscription access plus a Year of Action Pro subscription access for just that $100 $199.99, not $100, 199. 99. Action Pro is Action Networks premium subscription offering. Tailor made to make Avid and new betters, better. This is a limited time offered. Also currently only made available through the Super Bowl, this offer only applies to first time Elite annual subscribers. All right, Sam, are you ready? Yeah. Let's do it. Week 16 in the books. I'm back in the studio. You are? We're back here together. How was your Christmas? Not bad. Not in the parents'basement anymore. Steve, you're in the big time. I've moved up. Yeah, it was nice. It was a good throwback to the childhood. But it does mean we're not going to get a cameo from your dad, which is. No, my dad is too far away. 1000 miles or so. We'll dial them in. We got the technology. Look, I'm proud of the big guy getting some FaceTime on the show. I was trying to fix the Christmas tree, which lasted through Christmas, which was huge. There was a lot of people there's. A lot. There's a ground swallow of people worried about my Christmas tree. Yeah. And they took care of it. It was all good. All right, let's get through all of the Week 16. Action. Don't forget, it started way back on Christmas day. The New Orleans Saints 52 the Minnesota Vikings 33. Alvin Kamara with a record day, six touchdowns on just 22 carries, 155 yards. And what a crazy game this was given. He scored all of the touchdowns for the Saints. The taste of Hill had won, but he was the guy. And the Viking scored 33 points. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. Fantasy star this week. It was bizarre. We had four games before the Sunday slate and it took like 15 quarters to get a good quarter of football. The Vikings just got wrecked by Alvin Kamara and the Saints. And as much as Kamara got all of the touchdowns, got all the joy. It's important to acknowledge the fact that this was the Saints that destroyed the Vikings on the ground, not just Alvin Kamara. If you look at the PFF grading, the Saints offensive line graded incredibly as well. You watch his first touchdown run as an example. They just opened up this Grand Canyon for him to run through, make some magic happen. Nfl running backs, almost all of them. Once you get them into open space, one on one with defensive backs, they can do some real damage. Alvin Camaro obviously more than most, but that first touchdown run was a great example of how much dominance the run blocking for the Saints had. And that was there all the way through the game. There's a bunch of these plays where you know, Ramcheck is just caving in the entire defensive line by himself opening up these huge cut back lanes. This was the game where all of Minnesota's failings in terms of personnel came back to roost like in one game. Happy Christmas. Everything that you sold throughout the year so far, here it is. Enjoy it. Yeah. So if you have premium stats 2.0 all part of your PFF elite package, you can go see Alvin Camaro have an 84.7 running a rushing grade. And of course there were some questions about how does a guy set a record and only have not have the best grade on the team? I thought this was a perfect example of what we do here at PFF and how we're able to quantify the entire effort, especially in the run game. So you mentioned the Saints offensive lineman across the board from a run blocking perspective. Excellent run blocking grades everywhere on the offensive line other than left guard with James Hurst, but also including Adam Troutman at tight end. He had 29 snaps as a run blocker outstanding across the board. Ryan Ramcheck led the way with a 91 run blocking grade. Then you get to Camaro and he had nine. We add up first downs and touchdowns. He had nine total in the day. Six of them were touchdowns of the times that he actually moved the chains. So he actually only moved the chains nine times on 22 carries. He was awesome again for seven missed tackles. But to your point, he was getting to the second level like crazy. And the one last thing I'll say, because for him to set a record, it was a team effort on both sides of the ball because the Minnesota Vikings front seven did not have a guy grade above 52 from a run defense standpoint. So again, I think if you're new to PFF or you don't understand how a guy could have six touchdowns and not have the best grade on the team, it's because it was his offensive line, it was the defensive line. And then, oh, by the way, Cabaret had an excellent game, but a lot of those touchdowns are given to someone else, too. Also, by the way, a record that had stood since 1929. Yes, I don't want to take away from it was forget the achievement. Just the fact that there's a record like that, which is a relatively simple one. Right. Just number of touchdowns scored by a running back or rushing touchdowns. That feels like something that should change hands relatively frequently. Or at least the guy that broke it was born in the guy that said it. Right. Originally in 1929. Ernie Nevers, hall of Famer, five time All Pro. What do you remember about Big Ern? Yeah, 1920s all decade team. Played for the famous, of course, for playing for the Duluth Eskimos. Did he make the NFL 100? Probably. Right. Can we get Gil Branch on the line here and see if we could get him put back on there if he didn't. But what's interesting is like how completely opportunity driven that record is. Like Kamara had the six touchdowns and was vultured for one more by Taysin Hill. They basically just didn't give him the shot to get the 7th when he probably would have. Right. It would have been the 6th at that point. But assuming he would have the extra one, blah, blah. The point is it's like 100% opportunity driven. Are you going to get all those shots in the low red zone to just punch it in and he got six of them this time. He could have had a 7th sets a record that had stood since 1929 when the guy was playing for the Chicago Cardinals. All right, unbelievable record set. My big takeaway from this, though. The Saints show once again that they can win in multiple ways. Drew Brewery had two picks. Only one was his fault, but he should have had another one anyway. He had two really bad throws on the day, both turnover worthy plays. I don't think he missed that much outside of that. They averaged like ten yards, twelve yards per attempt in this game. Ridiculous. So there was some just bad defense by Minnesota. And again, the Saints, whether it's steaming it up or just the ability to rely on the run game in the red zone, they have answers. The thing I always talk about, balance on offense. Yeah. The Saints don't really have a great downfield passing attack, but they have a lot of answers and a lot of answers for opposing defenses, including Camaro on the ground. This was a fascinating week for you said something before we went on, which is did any game this week mean nothing in terms of play off implications, all this kind of stuff? There was a bunch of games where it's not that it didn't mean anything but a team that won or lost, usually a team that won. It's very difficult to take anything from it because there was so little to glean from the particular encounter. The game I'm talking about in particular is the one up next, Tampa Bay absolutely slaughter the Detroit Lions. And you're like, well, what the hell do you take from that for Tampa Bay? We've been talking all season long about they just want to work out all of their issues before you hit the postseason and a week before it was in a hole. What they relied on was the talent of their skill position players and they got it done. Like this week, the Lions were a just they lost their quarterback and like all of their coaching staff, either before the game or in the games first few minutes. And now you're like, well, it's just a complete total beat down with zero resistance and literally it's a scrimmage. It's a waste of time for Tampa Bay, other than it improves their seating. Obviously it was a beat down in Detroit was overmatched at the same time, Brady was making some ridiculous throws in this game. Not everything was wide open. There were some tight window throws in there as well. I just thought he threw the ball extremely well. So speaking of records, how are they still standing Norm Van Broccoli passing game record? How is that still the record? 554 passing yards is the record for passing yards in a game. Do you know what Brady has in his last four quarters, which is the second 600 something, 668 passing, which is a record. It's like the most ever for over a four quarter span. So the last two quarters of the Falcons game, in Week 15, he threw for 320, right. And then in this game, he threw for 348, plus another negated 30, by the way. Essentially, by the way, he's thrown for like 700 yards over the last four quarters. Yeah, 68 of 50, which further emphasizes how is that still the record? Right. If there's that much room over the top of that in terms of just modern capacity for passing the football, how is that still the record for a single game passing performance in this era of garbage time yards where quarterbacks are racking up 300 yards in the fourth quarter just desperately chasing a no hoper game, norm Van Brockland's performance is still the single game record. You would think that that would fall. I'm amazed consistently that that hasn't fallen yet. The one thing I would take away from this game is I think Mike Evans, who has battled injuries the entire game, looks healthy and looks like an absolute weapon. And I think the Bucks, they went into this game like they were playing a Detroit team that had no coaching staff and Brady's average depth of target was 14. They were attacking down the field like crazy. It's not going to be this easy week in, week out. But I think again, it shows the potential of when you have Evans, Godwin, Antonio Brown, Gronk and all these dudes who could get down the field. They're dangerous offensively. So $47 to $7 over the lines. Of course, my other takeaway, too, is this is why Brady went to Tampa Bay for the two Dome games late in the year. Don't have to play outdoors. He could zip it all over the place at 43. Pretty impressive what he's doing at his age, isn't it? Yeah, it's crazy. 43 years old and now 36 touchdowns this year and throwing it down the field, which is a Bucks record, like you set half a base such that record in this first season. The thing I just want to bring up though is I think when we look back at Brady season and I think because his worst games have been on primetime and national TV, people don't think he's played well this year. He has played extremely well this year and he's 43 years old and all that stuff. But in a Bruce Arians offense where he's had to throw the ball down field more than ever, his sacred is about the same play for play as what it was in New England. Pressure rates the lowest of Bruce Arians quarterback has had in our database. So there's a lot of things that he is actually changing and adjusting at 43 years old, which is incredible. We just haven't seen stuff like that. When you look at the Pfft top ten of quarterbacks, Brady and Matt Ryan are the two who have been sort of screwed the most by their supporting cast. If you look at just the simple comparison between Pffgrade and passer rating. Right. Pffgrade is an attempt to isolate what the quarterback is actually doing, his throws in isolation versus whether they're caught at the other end or not. Whatever. Just what the quarterback is doing. Passer rating is the offense, the whole thing. Right. Did your receiver catch it? Did he make yards after the catch? All those kinds of things. So the top ten in PFF grade are largely the top ten in terms of password rating. There's some differences and some crossover, but most of those guys have a passer rating up. They're almost all over. The only one that isn't over 100 is Matt Ryan and Aaron Rodgers is at 118. Mahomes is at 110. Ryan Tanner Hill is at 110. These are just before the games have gone have locked from last night. But Brady is just over 100. Right. And that's after his game. So he's like ten points worse off in terms of passive rating than a lot of those other guys. Ryan is like 20 points worse off. So just in terms of that basic thing, that his perception is being screwed by the fact that the production isn't quite where it should be versus what he's actually doing with the ball. Yes. And he has eleven interceptions and he's twelve turnover worthy plays. Something like that. Like a one to one. I mean, again, Homes is over 20 in turnovery plays and we saw that turnover lock in the game. You just go back to those first three weeks of the season. He legitimately had three touchdowns dropped. Like not just drops three touchdowns dropped that it's still having an impact. Right. It's not the reason that his season is dramatically different from anything, but I don't know what adding three touchdowns to his numbers does, but it probably jumps his past, writing up 510 points. All right. The second Saturday game on Amazon Prime. San Francisco 49 Ers defeat the Arizona Cardinals 20 to twelve. The Cardinals still have a shot at the playoffs, but this is again the 49 Ers playing spoiler with technically third string quarterback and CJ Bethard He's backup caliber and he played an efficient game. Of course, he ends up with three touchdowns on just 22 attempts. Arizona, though, just cannot get the ball down the field. 4.9 yards per attempt for Kyler Murray. And this one. Yeah, the Cardinals offense is not in a good spot right now and hasn't been it hasn't been for really all season long. We were talking there was a lot of hype surrounding them early in the season because week one, they shocked the 40 Niners. They go on a little run. They're in a good position for the playoffs. Kyla Murray is putting up some crazy numbers, but all the way along we were pointing to this idea of his passing grade has not really gone forwards from where we thought it would a year ago. What's changed is that they've made him a vital part of his running game and that elevates the floor of this offense so much. What Kyle Murray can do on the ground is phenomenal and that gives you such a high floor compared with other quarterbacks that don't have that ability. But if that passing grade doesn't improve, there's a ceiling on this. You're now in this really tight band of like you're never going to be worse than this, but if you're not going to be any better than this, you're not going to be a great team. And that's kind of what's happened is Murray hasn't kicked on, hasn't developed his run threat, has been, I don't want to say neutralized, but it's been diminished as the season has gone on between the injury, between some weird play calling quirks, and even in this game we saw like one really nice play call to get him into space on fourth down, which he becomes a cheat code on the low red zone or fourth down or whatever. But they didn't use that much of it. And when that's not working, when that's not giving them everything, they're not presenting much to you. I did an article a few months back on the Kryptonite or the weakness for every quarterback and for Mario intermediate passing. It's that ten to 19 yard range where you look at this offense with the Air Raid ties, right, with Cliff Kingsbury. And there's a lot of shorts. There's screens and odds, but there's a lot of up to nine yards type of stuff, a lot of short passing concepts. And of course, there's the deep stuff. And Marie is pretty good down there. But they were one for six Murray throwing at that ten to 19 yard level, and it's still the place where they're just lacking a little bit. And again, when you look at the best quarterbacks in the NFL, this is where they dominate. This is where quarterbacks dominate. This is where the best passing offenses dominate. That ten to 19 yard level. And I don't know if the Air Raid has figured that area out as much as they need to. And I think that's the one thing to revisit from a 40 Niners perspective. It's another Shanahan stitching it together type of deal. I was just ten cupped it. Since 2018, Kyle Shanahan has had Jimmy Garoppolo as the starting quarterback for 25 games. After next week, it will be out of 48 regular season games, 25 out of 48. So just over 50%. Plus you get the three playoff games last year. How do you evaluate? Because they've been bad as a team. They've had a losing record as a team. Now it'll be four out of five years, three out of four years under Kyle Shanahan with one Super Bowl appearance in the middle, the one time he had Garoppolo as a starter for all 16 games, I still think that's a feather in his cap. The fact that he's had that many games without his starter and they still find a way to beat playoff teams and be this competitive. There are people that think that Kyle Shanahan should be on the hot seat for the work that he's done. Let's do that on the Daily. I think we need to evaluate that on the Daily. Right. Given what you just said, I couldn't disagree more. I think that the work he's done, given the quarterbacks he's had, has been this tin cup artistry that deserves a statue not being booted out of the building. The guy hasn't had high level quarterback play at any point. The closest he's come to having one of these savior quarterbacks was when he got Matt Ryan, who turned into an MVP of the bank of a Kyle Shanahan coaching effort, like he got Jimmy Garoppolo all the way to the Super Bowl. Kyle Shanahan is one of the best NFL coaches in the League and just hasn't had the tools to work with. And despite that, has his team in pretty good position most of the time. And even this year, Nick Mullins and CJ Bethett has been his quarterback most of the way. And okay, the 49 Ers are not going to make the post season, but they're in a really tough division and they're still randomly popping up and ruining other team seasons every week. Yeah. Look, I've been impressed with what Shanahan has done in his four years there despite really only that one outstanding season, Arizona. We'll talk about it in the preview podcast. They have to win this week to get into the playoffs. So disappointing effort for them, only scoring twelve points against the Niners 40 Niners. Defensive coordinator Robert Salla also getting a lot of praise and that seems to fluctuate week to week. The Niners had some duds defensively and then they have inspired efforts like this. And I think that's why a lot of people like him as a head coaching candidate. And we're a week away from all of that craziness happening. Right. People getting fired and new stuff. So just keep an eye on that. Now let's get to the Saturday night game. Speaking of crazy, Miami Dolphins 26 Madness Las Vegas Raiders 25 both teams. I mean, there was so much action in the last five minutes. That's the thing. Forget the rest of the game. Right. This is like the last three minutes, right. Handful of minutes. Let's go through the scenario here. The raters are down one. Well, first off. Well, hang on, they trade touchdown. Yeah. So it starts off and Raiders hit a bomb to Nelson Agalore, who by the way has become like what Henry Rugs was supposed to be. That's my line. But yes, he did. For this offense like Henry Ruggs has been anonymous absent, missing in action. Nelson Agalore has been the big threat. Absolutely. Rose was a Byron Jones on the play, runs the length of field. Touchdown. Right. Raiders take the lead. Miami comes back, missed the extra point. Yes. So the rates are up. Yes. Misses the extra point. And the commentary was talking about the usually reliable Daniel Carlson as everybody in Minnesota is like, what? So Daniel Carlson, this is the extra point opening up this madness. Miami comes back and that's 356 left. Yes. Miami comes back. Basically answers, right. That was the mouth Gaskin touchdown. Yes. For 59 yards. He just runs through the defense. This was, by the way, after Miami had benched to a yes to bring in Ryan Fitzpatrick, or did they just give to a mental break to bring in Ryan's Fitzpatrick? Was it a benching? Was it a mental break? Yes. We talked about it on the PFF Daily this morning. If you guys are subscribing, we talked about this on the NFL Daily and critically, also, my coach of the year candidate appears to be kicking the ass of your coach of the year candidate. You can also find that show on the PFS. To be fair, the Daily that was the coach of the year candidate episode was recorded before this weekend. Precisely. So I have been vindicated. You have been made look a Jackass. There's still more time still next week. Anyway, go find the Pffnfld, Google that, Google that podcast and listen. Anyway, often score touchdown. Yes. They get the extra point. Yes. So now they're up one. So the Raiders have they've got a captain come back, Derek Car gets a shot. He heaves one up. Well, it was a deep pass. You get a 40 plus yard pass interference penalty, which is a little ticky tack that gets the Raiders into field goal range. Now they're playing the game. They're down one and they're playing the game. So now you don't want to score too early. You don't want to score too quick. They had about what, two minutes left? Yeah. You don't want to score too quickly. You know, a field goal wins the game. Your ideal scenario in Miami is trying to let them score, right. There was one point where Josh Jacobs runs up the middle, basically takes a knee. And was it Bobby McCain? The safety is trying to drag him across the line. I tried to break the plane of the goal line with the ball, but no dice. Yeah. There was a lot of time to think. A lot of times coaches have to make, like, quick decisions. There was a lot of time to think about this in like those drawers knew that they were going to want to let him score. The Raiders knew that they didn't want to score. Josh Jacobs, fantasy owners all over the place, all upset, the whole deal. Then the question becomes, what do you want to do with this? Right. You are back to score. Do you want to kick the field goal and leave 25 seconds on the clock or do you want to score touchdown, but leave more than that on the clock. And I think that's the thing. So obviously, they elect to eventually kick the field goal, right? They go up 25 seconds left. It should be game over. And then madness is use Miami. Fitzpatcher comes out there, throws not just no look past, but no able to look past because somebody's wrenching his head in the other direction and David Arnett or Damon Arnett goes walkie's and just lets this coverage bus going behind them. So Miami ends up winning and people are lambasting John Gruden for like, why would you not score the touchdown, you idiot? This was the dumbest decision ever. But I think what people are forgetting is it's not equal. Right. If you're going to score the touchdown, you have to do it on third down, which gives you another, what, 35 seconds back on the clock, right. I guess you could you could go for it on fourth down, but then it really is do or die. Right. Then it's all or nothing if they're actually going to try and stop you and if you blow it, it's game over. You didn't even take the lead, let alone hold the victory. So you're saying the question is, is it better? And don't forget the rates are down one. Yes. At the time. So if they score a touchdown, presumably they're going to go for two to try to just be up seven. Right. And then if you're upset and then if you don't get it, okay, touchdown. Is it better to score the touchdown that they're going to give you because they're trying to let you score with about 35 seconds left? No, it's going to be like a minute with a minute. Right. So is it better to score the touchdown on third down, leaving them about a minute to come back and answer or kick a field goal on fourth down, leaving them 25 seconds to answer, 19 seconds, but only needing a field goal. Right. So those are your two options. And honestly, when you run the numbers, which the data science people have, it's about even. Right. Neither one of these is a Slam dunk. It's pretty close. The edge, if there is one, says go for the touchdown because of the two point thing, you can go up seven. Right. But it's not this like anyone that's hammering grudging over, this is getting it wrong right out decision. Well laid out. The biggest thing, if you guys have not seen the Ryan Fitzpatrick pass, I think it's one of the best passes of all time. It's crazy. I think it's insane. So he's getting face masks. He's getting his face ripped and for like a while in slow Mo, of course. But I mean, he's getting his face ripped. He doesn't let the ball go until his face is completely turned to the left. He heaves it up and it looks like a prayer. But I think there was enough self awareness and he saw the coverage and all that stuff. He gets it essentially into the cover two hole to Mac Hollands. Now, the fact that there was a cover to hole when the Dolphins have no timeouts and there's 19 seconds left by the Raiders if we're going to trash Greg Williams for a zero blitz. And there was some execution problems on the zero blitz, the execution problems on this 19 seconds left. Cover two was atrocious Damon Arnett's, the corner back. But I don't think this is a play called problem. This is a what the hell is Damon Arnett doing problem? Why are you even playing with two when you come to play that? I know you've got too deep. You really want to have more people deep, but your cornerbacks are supposed to sit like they should be playing at 20 yards minimum. And who cares if anything's completed up front? But that's not a Rod Marinelli what is this play call problem? That's a Damon Arnett. Why are you not 20 yards further back? This is covered to prevent not covered to aggressive play. The sticks defense. He had his eyes in the back field. The safety play was bad. Everything about that play was horrendous from a Raiders perspective. And everything about it from a Miami perspective. It's magic. So they get the 34 yards plus the 15 yard face mask, and all of a sudden, Miami is in field goal range. They kick the game winner and they keep their season alive with the improbable 26 to 25. That face mask thing, by the way, it's like the third time that's popped up in the last three weeks and I didn't even know. I forgotten that that was a thing. That face mask is the only penalty in the NFL that can be added on to the other play, right? Personal fouls can anything that's a personal file. But face mask when it can be combined with other penalties. Right. So like pass interference the defender and you interfere with a guy, but if you do it with a face mask, it's doubled if somebody had passed interference. Plus a face mask. That happened twice in the last two weeks. And then you get the Fitzpatrick thing added on as well for a relatively mundane game. For most of it, the last three minutes of this game was absolute madness. So we don't have time to discuss the Miami quarterback situation here on the Pffnfl podcast. We are just tight into sites here, 2 hours only. So PFF daily. If you guys have not subscribed yet, search it wherever you listen to this podcast. Pffnfldaily today we discuss what Miami should do at quarterback because the offense looked pretty bad. No big plays with Tua in there and then all big plays with Ryan Fitzpatrick in there. But as of now, Tua has been named the starter for Week 17 in a must win game for the Dolphins against the Bills. So go check out the PFF Daily. We get into who the quarterback should be today. This morning, the episode is already up. All right, let's get into Sunday's action. We'll go randomly here, across the board in some of the big games. How about Pittsburgh 28, Indianapolis Colts 24 based off we didn't get to talk about Pittsburgh's Monday night game. Well, we did talk about the preview, but the Monday night game against the Bengals, they were horrendous last week. It was one of the worst games Big Ben's ever played. Everything about that was terrible. The Steelers had lost three straight. I did say on the preview show, don't sleep on them. And I looked like an idiot through the first half. Yeah. Like I was ready to sleep. 21 seven. Were they down like this? Looked like a game that was. This was burying them. 24 724, seven. The Colts, I believe. Right. Probably right. The Colts were I mean, they looked like they were making a statement. They were ready to run away with this. It was 24 to seven, and then with 323 left in the third quarter, the comeback began. The thing that I've said all season about the Steelers is no matter what I've seen from Big Ben this year, I still feel like what he did in the end of the third quarter and in the fourth quarter still existed, which is those beautiful downfield throws he made. The touchdown to Dante Johnson, the touchdown to Jude's Mcguster. They were awesome. He didn't ever look like arm shot Drew Breeze. This was the thing, right? It's not like he did a little bit now pick six that he threw to Buffalo a couple of weeks ago on Sunday night. It never looked like this guy just doesn't have it physically anymore. This is why this offense has been designed around protecting a guy that can no longer make the throws that he's made a career out of. Like, okay, he's not vintage Big Ben in terms of he can't go bouncing around in the pocket and just defenders skiddling off and left and right and those Eli Manning in the Super Bowl helmet catch plays. Like that guy isn't there anymore, but he's not. Like this whole thing hasn't been a creation of, well, Ben Rothsberg basically can't play quarterback anymore, so let's just design this offense around him being this human jugs machine where all he has to do is catch a shotgun snap, assuming pounds, he can actually get it to him and then hit a receiver five yards away. Like, that isn't what we've been witnessing over the last month. So theoretically, there's no reason it shouldn't bounce back and you get to see him actually play quarterback again. Yeah, I had to make a coffee switch, by the way. It's a multi coffee day. I mean, I was talking to give you the opportunity to do that without anybody seeing it, and then you go and blow it. No, I didn't really see our level of professional here is announcing when we do stuff like scratching the surface of professionalism. So the Steelers salvage their season. Well, the AFC north, right. Salvage it ends the three game losing streak just a fascinating game all around because I think the AFC is just so loaded. This was like a week of crazy swings in terms of play off, implications, seating, all these kinds of things. Like the Colts are winning this game. They're wrapping everything up. The Steelers are about to be buried. The Browns suddenly have a chance of winning the division in the space of a couple of hours that goes from Cleveland could win the AFC north to now. They're actually fighting to make the postseason like they were more to lock a minute ago. And it's like the Steelers have got to watch out. Cleveland's coming now. Cleveland loses to the jets. We'll get to that in a bit. And Pittsburgh turns this around late in the game and suddenly everything's okay. We could speak for 5 hours about this week awesome week of action. I want to go to the other side. And Philip Rivers, though. Oh, by the way, the Colts defense, they were doing a really good job early on. Carrie Willis, the safety, they were doing a nice job disguising coverage, and he was kind of like the key. He was the guy that was playing too deep or coming into the box and playing some of their shallow zones. He got hurt, he goes out with a concussion and all things fall apart. So I'm blaming the Kyrie Willis injury for the Colt's downfall. Defensively, Philip Rivers another game with a passing grade below 60 and his just roller coaster continues five turnover where he plays only a couple actual picks. He also had one of the best throws of the week where he maneuvers the pocket and throws a 40 plus yard post for a touchdown. They were talking about it on the broadcast. They were like the Colts went back. They watched every Philip Rivers throw from the last two years and said he still had it. And that was my take right this offseason. I said don't over exaggerate the couple turnover, the plays that he had on primetime. Right. Just because you saw it on TV the last couple of years. But these games have popped up over the last couple of years where Rivers have multiple turnover worthy plays and just isn't the same guy. And it happened again in this huge game. Yeah. And I don't necessarily want to connect bad Philip Rivers games to superior opposition, in particular on defense. Right. I don't think they're necessarily that closely linked. And that bad river shows up when he faces a good team. I don't think that's a true narrative. However, I do think that this dynamic probably puts a cap on the cold season. Right. I don't know that this team can win a Super Bowl because at some point they're going to have to go through a team like Pittsburgh who can bring a defense that will cause him these kinds of problems. And while his bad games aren't always connected to the best defenses, I do think against the best defenses, this guy is probably going to show up more often than not. And Eric Eager from the PFF forecast was making this point on our live preview show on Sunday that the Colts might not be able to beat the best teams and win a Super Bowl this year, but they actually might be able to sneak a win against the Pittsburgh team that's floundering. Now, Pittsburgh ultimately routed the Ship and figured things out on offense, and that's why they didn't win this game. But I think that's the dynamic we're looking at here, that Philip Rivers is good enough for this team to get back to the post season. Right. He presents this level of play that Jacob said just wasn't capable of. But his flaws are now such that it's probably not enough. You know what I mean? He doesn't quite have everything that he used to to be able to overcome those teams. But if you do go back and look at his grades this year, yeah, he's been good, but it's been against a lot. His best grades have been against a lot of bad teams. Obviously want about the packers defense. That was his highest grade game. But his highest graded games also come against Bengals. Jess Texans times two, the Vikings, the Lions, Raiders, and then his bad games at the Browns, at the Steelers, against the Ravens and against the Bears and against the Titans. Yeah, I'm not saying that there isn't a correlation factor there. What I'm saying is that it's not as simple as saying that bad Phillip Rivers is never going to show up against bad defenses. Right. I got you. It also has to be noted who the Colts were trotting out there from an offensive lines perspective. Chaz Greene did as best he could with TJ Watt. Honestly, there were a couple of plays, too. Rivers fumbles in the pocket where he was not maneuvering the pocket the way he usually does as well. But Chas Green, Jamarcus Webb saw some time out there, a 40 pass blocking grade by the Colts and we've talked about that before, too. If they just get completely destroyed up front, the expectations for Rivers have to drop. And that was a big part of this game as well. You know, it's a bad day when Jamarcus Web is getting some snaps on for you on the offensive line. Will Holden. I mean, it was not good. So credit the Steelers and they started to crack down defensively and made some plays and they took advantage. Alex Highsmith. Dude, he had a couple incredible rushes, including hitting Rivers on one of the interceptions, I believe it was so he was helping. He's replacing Bud Dupree and making supplies for them. That's up an awesome week 17 for Pittsburgh against Cleveland. Yes. Let's discuss Cleveland up against the jets. They lose 23 to 16. Austin, are people really up in arms about Sam Donald right now? Are people really buying into maybe the jets don't draft a quarterback at two? Is that really coming up? Of course it is. That was going to come up the second they lost the Trevor and sweepstakes. And by lost, I mean don't have the number one overall big anymore. I'm all for a nice reclamation project, but yeah, I want Donald as a backup. Reclamation project. The Browns, of course, the biggest thing here is the Browns were without their top four receivers. Yes. All in the COVID list because of closed contacts and or COVID do. One of them actually haven't four of them in a hot tub together. Here's the thing teams need to. That was the thing they were in a hot tub. So it's got to be like Designated Survivor, right? One of you can't be in the hot tub. One of you is going to be over there in the hazmat suit just in case one of us in here has go of it. Like each position group needs its own rules. So you can't have more than two offensive linemen in a hot tub together or in close contact. You can't have more than one quarterback. Right? The Broncos wouldn't have had that issue if they abided by these rules. Losing an entire position group is unacceptable. And if you implement some Designated Survivor rules, teams can combat that. Would they have been okay if they were in the hot tub with masks on would always have been acceptable. The mask would have taken care of everything okay? Absolutely. The rest of it down. I didn't know that part. That's amazing. So they're in a hot tub together. So you've got Jamarcus Bradley getting targeted ten times. Marvin hall, who I love, and I don't know why the Detroit Lions got rid of him, because he's my designated deep threat guy, designated everything. And he was targeted five times. New to the team, Austin Hooper. So they had to go to the tight ends. Harrison Bryant playing more in the slot. Austin Hooper, those two tight ends combined for 21 targets between them, plus four for David and Joe Ku. But why did the Browns throw the ball so much when they had a whole new receiving call? That's what I was going to ask you, because your coach of the year candidate, according to the PFF Daily, is Kevin Stefanski. Kevin Stefanski put the ball in the air 58 times, if you count nullified place with no receivers, his entire wide receiver room, apparently in a hot tub together and therefore on the coveted list. Therefore, the answer against the jets is to put the ball in the air 58 times with Baker Mayfield throwing to nobodies justify yourself, Palazzolo. When you go up against the jets defense, here's the reasoning. You go up against the jets defense, whose biggest weaknesses are rushing the passer and they're back seven. From a coverage standpoint, it is the type of game you go in and you say, we're passing to set up the run. We're passing first. We're just going to spread it around. Now, how did that work out? What it felt like was the game plan was implemented on Monday, developed on Monday. You get the hot tub issue later in the week and there was no new game plan drawn up. So that might be an issue by my coach of the year candidate, Kevin's defense. It does feel like one. I have talked to teams before who go into a game. What? Yes, I talked to a team. They go into a game with two legitimate game plans, and the thing that's going to alter it is like the weather or whatever it might be right. They're prepared and they've got like a wind cut off. If it's over 20 miles an hour wind or whatever it is, we'll go to this more conservative game plan, whatever it might be. I feel like that was lacking with the Browns for a team that had no wide receivers and generally isn't a past first team. They're a run first team run and play action and all that stuff. That was a curious decision, I think, from their standpoint. Yeah. I don't want to say justify it, but I think you can come close to explaining it by saying one of two things. One, they got down pretty early, right. So game flow pushed them towards a passing style of game. And the other thing is look at the numbers on the ground. Kareem Hunt had one carry for minus two yards. Nick Chop had eight carries for six yards. Like the run game, when you don't have any passing game is suddenly much less of a threat than it used to be, right? Like the jets are no longer concerned about backing people off the line of scrimmage to deal with your passing threat. They are going, oh, so you have no receivers, you say, but you have Kareem Hunt and Nick Chubb. Well, we're going to stack everybody at the line of scrimmage and say, have fun with that. Let's try and see how this ground game functions. The other thing is Cleveland also didn't have like, they're missing offensive lineman right Wyatt Teller down, Chris Hubbard down like Jedi Wills was outright. Their offensive line, which has been the best in the NFL for the entire season, was pretty much hammered. So the Browns are missing a lot of people, which to some degree explains losing the jets. I'm saying when you look at just look at the PFF team grades going into the game, the jets number five from a run defense standpoint at 75 and then a 30 coverage grade. That's second worst in the NFL. Yeah. Or worst in the NFL going into the week. So just on paper, even if you don't have people to throw to it's, like, all right, this is the game I always talk about. If you have a team like the jets or the Giants, the Giants are built similarly where you actually have a pretty good run stopping front seven like the jets do, you don't even try. But the thing about the Shanahan, as much as I love the Shanahan scheme and the tree, I don't think there's a lot of games in their history where they play like this, where they actually go with a let's check it around 45 times type of approach. I don't think there ever was. There was a time I remember the Texans and Matt Shaw. It felt like they should have done it in certain games against really good run defenses. And they just don't do it. It's just not in their nature. So it was really odd if they had their top four receivers. I liked the game plan. If they don't, yes, it wasn't great. They probably needed to run a little bit more. Almost all of Baker Mayfield season is now becoming like an asterisk. How do you evaluate what Baker Mayfield is? Right. Just evaluate it, man. You'd want to put an asterisk on everything? All right. Week one, Baltimore, right? New offense. The whole thing has been done over Zoom. We've got no idea what's going on to get slaughtered, right? Okay, let's kind of toss that out. Then you get these bounce back in Cincinnati, whose defense was a train wreck at that point. Throw those out. Dallas. Turns out also a train wreck. Throw that out. Pittsburgh wrecked. Decimated. Okay, that was a bad matchup. The Steelers have generated more pressure than anybody ever. Throw that out. Then you get the weather, right. Half the season in the middle is gone because Baker is the only guy playing in the snow, in the cold weather and the wind. Throw those out. Now you get to this run where Baker's on fire. But, oh, look, it's against Houston, Philadelphia, Jacksonville, Tennessee, teams that can't cover, throw those out. And then again, Ravens game. That's our one game. Everything looks better, but bad piczache. All right. And now we get the Giants. Also pretty impressive, but they never forced him. He was great. But again, they didn't do a particularly good job of challenging him. And now this game where it's like he had no wide receivers. I like to say that they turned the difficulty level up to Eagles in this game. This is the Eagles the last two years. Zero wide receivers. Everybody's out. Go get them. I'm just saying he's not played like what, 15 out of 16 games, and we've got to throw out like 13 of them. In terms of I don't know what you can take from those games. I mean, overall it's pretty good. I think the disappointing thing is, yeah, you don't have dudes to throw to out there, but multiple turnover worthy plays, taking sacks that he should have taken. He was trying to play five drops, though, and they came it goes back and forth, right? They came on back breaking situations as well. It's like, God, look, our banks are up against this, right? We're struggling. We're down against the jets. It's heading towards embarrassment right now. So if you could just catch this crossing route on third and five to keep this drive alive, that would be wonderful. I'm not asking much from you. I understand you just came off the practice squad and you're probably not going to get open very much. But just catch this one. Come on, help a guy out. We're all struggling here. Let's just catch the ball that hits you in the hands. From a Jet's perspective, they win their second straight. They're now locked into the number two overall pick. They've lost the opportunity at number one. We didn't have a great grade on Samarnold. The stats were fine, whatever. But Jameson Crowder, the star of the game, 92 yards as a receiver, plus the 43 yard touchdown pass. Nice job, Jameson Crowder, Frank Gore. Just a classic 3.4 yards per carry over 16,000 career rushing yards, now closing in on Walter Payton. Good job, Frank. We should probably do it daily on what the jets need to do at number two as well and discuss is Donald still in the mix? Do they definitely go quarterback? Who is the quarterback? How do they rebuild those jets? We'll get to that at some point this off season. All right, where else we're going to go here for this week? The Kansas City Chiefs, 17 to 14 over the Atlanta Falcons. They tried to lose this game to Chiefs. Yeah, tried to lost it. Patrick Mahomes throws what should have been a game ending interception by AJ Terrell, unable to hold on in the end zone. And then Mahomes comes back with a game winning 30, 25 yard touchdown to DeMarcus Robinson. I don't know what is more crazy that it took Kansas City until the fourth quarter to lead in this game against the Atlanta Falcons. Let's remember, right? Or that the score needed to take the lead was only to get higher than seven at that point, right? Yeah. The fourth quarter in this game that we thought would be a shootout. Atlanta, for all their woes, can put up some points and this will be cannot necessarily match Kansas City, but can run them close. This had shoot out written all over it. And then fourth quarter, the Chiefs finally struggle across the line to take the lead and they only need to get above seven points for that to happen. But yeah, you're right. The luck that every team gets lucky at some point in the 16 game season. Right. This is the nature of football. This is why it's not the way baseball is with Saber metrics. And the numbers are going to be able to tell you everything just from these clean, simple data points. There's noise, there's chaos, there's luck involved, and sometimes the luck is going to bounce your way and sometimes it's going to bounce the other way. And because there's only 60 games or 60 plays on offense on your side of the ball, it's noisy and it changes things. So every team gets lucky at some point. The Jeep got really lucky in this game. Like Mahomes generally doesn't make mistakes, but right at the death with them needing to amount this comeback, he takes a shot into the end zone. It's slightly under throne. It's well covered. Aj Terrell goes up ahead of his receiver, catches the ball, and then as he hits the ground, pops out, can't secure it. Bullet dodged. Would have been a game ender. Yeah. Would have literally been a game ending interception from Patrick Holmes. That is as turnover worthy as it gets. And it would have been game over. It would have been a loss attributed directly to a Patrick Mahome's throw. But they dodged the bullet. And inevitably, like a couple of plays later, Bam dagger take the lead came over. Yeah. And the game went. It was a great throw to DeMarcus Robinson. Even after that, the Falcons missed a field goal to tie it into go to overtime. This was one of those games, too. Like your game plan if you keep it away from the Chiefs? It's just the way it worked for the Falcons. They averaged 3.9 per carry, but the running backs about four and a half. It was one of those four yards here, five yards there. They did just enough to kind of like shorten the game. But it's still crazy because they did play really good defense. And you had Mahomes with a red zone interception early, another one that should have been picked that was dropped. And then the one you're talking about that should have ended the game. I also think the Chiefs did you see the play where they were running? They were running. It looked like Newt Rockney's offense from the 20s on. Fourth and one. Are they getting a little too fancy for a team that is as talented as they are using? They're doing this homes motion stuff. They're doing this 1920. What's the offense I'm thinking of here? Single wing. Single wing. Let's motion out and do this. They ran this elaborate fourth and one to just Chuck it down the field to my homes, which didn't work. Are they getting too fancy for a team that isn't that basically is more talented than everyone. Isn't that just like complete results oriented analysis like a week ago? That's why I'm posing the question, right? I mean, because of that? I don't think so. Right. Like, you go back a couple of weeks and it's like, oh, look at this magic that Andy Reid is dialing up to make patch my home's life easier. This is a cheat code. And now it's like, wow, they struggle against the Falcons. So they're getting too creative and too cute and just line up through a deep Tyreek Hill. Whereas really late in the game they lined up through a deep Tyreek Hill. And that was almost what cost them the game, right. That's also interesting, too. That my homes. Normally Tyreek Hill is running away from people, right? Yeah. But he threw a pick to save and Howard a couple of weeks ago covering Tyreek Hill in tight coverage. And then the same thing with Terrell, these bigger corners and Mahomes is still taking those chances. Part of the problem is you can only run so far. Like the field stops at the end zone. True. So you can run five yards past them. But if the field then ends, you basically are locked into this little box at the back corner of the end zone. That's where the Xavier Howard one was just shy of the goal line. Right. And then this one was just over the go line. So they were both, like taking the same shot. Effective. Let's try and put the ball to Tyreek Hill into the end zone against a long corner. It's the Richard Sherman play, right. The guy with that much length is giving you a really tiny window to fit a football when you're dealing with the end zone. If you're taking that shot from your own 20, you've got five yards of space to put the ball over his head. And it's not a factor anymore. When you're actually halted by the end of the restrictions of the field limit. Now you've got some issues. And that's where he's been burned for twice. Well, once and then almost twice. Yeah. And those are the curious to me, those are just curious decisions buying Homes. But my point is that's why they're not getting too cute, right? Because that wasn't too cute. They just took a shot and it almost was what cost them the game. Like the two cute thing didn't necessarily work this time, but it has been most of the season. And that's one of the reasons why that offense is phenomenal. Calvin Ridley had a huge game for the Falcons. Nice job. Just essentially running through their secondary a couple of times and does every time Julio is not there, it's amazing. He just jumps up one spot in the depth chart and picks up where Julio leaves off. And it's really why the Falcons, who again find special ways of losing. They make the comeback. They have the dropped interception. They still get into field goal range and miss the field goal. But on paper, it should be such an attractive job. Just the baseline of talent that you have with Matt Ryan throwing the ball to really good receivers is just an outstanding starting point, just like Deshawn Watson is a great starting point with the Houston Texans. So the Falcons continue to find ways to lose. Does this lose any luster? We get criticized for being Chiefs apologists. We get criticized for being too hard on Mahomes and all this stuff. But realistically, Mahomes didn't play well. This is one of the first games that Mahomes has started where you could say, wow, the offense really didn't do anything. They didn't even save him and score 30. Right. There have been games where Homes hasn't played great and they scored 30. He played poorly. They only scored 17, and they really should have scored ten. If Terrell makes that interception, it's a 14 to ten win for the Falcons. What do you do with that game? And when you're evaluating the Chiefs, this is what I mean about this week, right? I said, I don't know that you can take anything from that. Yes. All of those things you said were true. On the other hand, does that mean anything? This was a game. The Chiefs should have won comfortably and we should have racked up a ton of points against the Falcons defense. It's better, but still not good. And they didn't. They should have scored ten, should have lost the game. Holmes had a bad game. Pff grade right now is sitting about 51 of the worst grades from any quarterback of the week. This was bad, but does that change what you expect from them in week 17 or in the playoffs? No, not really. The most important thing here is the Chiefs clinched their number one seed. Yes. So they survived. They get away with it. They might be able to rest. We'll see if they want to rest people next week, too, because they already do have. I will say that, look, the Chiefs have not been dominating teams the way we have expected them to for a while now, right? They haven't been covering these giant points spreads that Vegas has been setting for them. The confidence that everybody has in Kansas City, it's being met in terms of wins, but it's not being met in terms of quality of performance or overall comfort of victory. And again, this was a real bullet for them. Now, does that mean that this team is riding their luck like they did in this game overall and that they are vulnerable in the way that the Pittsburgh Steelers were before their mini collapse? I don't know. I don't think so. The analysis we've had comparing those two teams up until this point has been Kansas City's margin for error is so big. To win these games because of the homes, because of everything in the offense, all the trick or the triggeration that you're now criticizing for being too cute. I posed the question. I'm just labeling it as your decision now as your opinion single wing with Patrick Mahomes. I don't know. Anyway, all those things I think are still true. I think ultimately it doesn't mean because those are true, it doesn't mean that they're never vulnerable to losing a game. Ultimately, your margin for error still exists, right? Just because it's a really small one doesn't mean you still can't hit that minority and you lose a game here. This was a game Kansas City should have lost. And if they lost this game, I don't think it would really change much. You wouldn't be coming out of this game saying, well, the Chiefs suck. Everything we thought about them is bullshit. They are now vulnerable. We are going to expect Baltimore to win the Super Bowl. They're going to run the AFC beat Candace. The Cheese are still the best team in the NFL. They're still the presumptive favorites. They're still the Super Bowl defending Champions. They had a bad day. They should have lost. They didn't. They Dodge a bullet. We move on. Yeah. I mean, everybody's going to compare the Chiefs to the Patriots dynasty of the last 20 years. The Patriots dynasty did have random bad games in December and all that stuff, and it mattered nothing when it came to play off time. The one thing I will say here, though, I think the margin of error for the Chiefs is getting tighter. If they have that game against the Steelers or against the Titans or the Bills or another pretty good AFC. It's a good AFC this year. If they do lay an egg for a half or three quarters like they have in recent weeks at times, then they might not be able to come out of that. That's all I'll say. I mean, they're still the best team. I agree. But maybe a little bit more concerning against the bad Falcons team there. Let's go to La in Seattle. Rams and Seahawks Seahawks win 20 to nine one of the 04:00 games here. It was a defensive struggle the entire time. Ram's offense was atrocious and this one, Jared Goff, was not playing well. It was McVeigh, like visibly upset the entire time. I thought the most interesting thing was the half time report where it was six to six and I forget who the reporter was, but I think it was she basically came out of it, said don't start, said whoever the halftime reporter was. Said Pete Carroll, thrilled, loves where the Seahawks are at right now. Sean McVeigh, frustrated, can't stand where they're at right now. I thought that was yes. And even Acmen acknowledged it was like, hey, that's just who they are as coaches, right? Pete Carroll feels good about a six to six game and a half. Loves that. And Sean McVeigh feels like they left 20 points on the table. I mean, it makes sense, right? One's a defensive coach, the other one is an offensive coach. If you said it's 66 and a half and gave no more information than that, you could kind of predict that outcome. This, I think was really concerning for the Rams last week. Again, it's like last week, you could kind of throw it out. Okay? They lost to the jets. That was ridiculous. On the other hand, the jets defensive front absolutely wrecked their offensive line. The interior got destroyed. And we just know from experience that if you take away that foundation stone from this Los Angeles Rams offense, it doesn't fire, it doesn't function right. Everything is built off that. If you can't run those wide zone plays because your offensive line on the inside is getting buried into the bank field every play. You can't run your play action, you can't run your boots, you can't do anything you want to run. Right? So everything collapses if that foundation stone turns to rubble. And that's what the jets defense front was able to do. And even if they have crappy DB's on the back end, doesn't matter. This week. That didn't really happen and they still couldn't get anything done. That I think is a lot more concerning. Now you have to start talking about systemic problems within this offensive scheme in a way that hasn't really surfaced since the last time we were talking about systemic problems in the Sean McVeigh offense and how it hasn't evolved and teams have started to figure out where the weak points are now. And it's happening like on the Eve of the play offs as you're about to face the best teams in the NFL. That's a lot of homework to have to do over the next couple of weeks. But that's why I love this match up, too, because the Seahawks made some adjustments upfront from a front standpoint. We mentioned in the preview pod. They kept sending five man pressures in the first match up and the Rams were crushing that. Seattle did not do that in this game. They played it more straight up and this was probably one of the better games Jamal Adams played from a coverage standpoint, just carrying routes down the field and just carrying out basic Seattle strong safety cover three assignments. Yeah, Jamal Adams did that, which he's good at. Yeah, he could do all that stuff. People have been ripping this guy all season long because he's basically been a pass rush or nothing else. Not us. He's been and he's been bad in coverage. Right? His coverage grade this season is crappy, but it's not like he didn't become bad in coverage overnight. Like he isn't a bad coverage defender. He might not be a Earl Thomas single high free safety whose special skill is defending the deep third and making impact plays on the sideline. He's a good cover safety who's been hung out to dry by a scheme that was asking things of him that are not unreasonable but are just bad defensive place. I think the proxy for that is trying to make him into Troy Palomalo, who remember Troy used to be at the line of scrimmage and then he'd go play Dpath. He used to do crazy stuff and the Steelers would tap into that ability. It feels like the Seahawks have tried to make Jamal Adams into that. You don't know where Jamal Adams is going to be. He's going to rush the pastor, he's going to do this. He's going to be everywhere. And it is a lot on his plate, but I thought he just played a clean game from that perspective. Jared Gough was not good decision making. Accuracy was just poor. And then he dislocates his thumb, hits his thumb on a helmet, pops it back into place, finishes the game, reports that he might need surgery, but the bottom line is he is just so inconsistent. Jared Goff so inconsistent week to week. It's really tough for the Rams when the run game isn't going or he's still got to make those throws right. And you just don't know what you're going to get week to week with golf. I think the other side is just an awesome schematic match up as well because we've talked about the Rams and how good they are at discouraging depasses. And it felt like Seattle had to play more of like a horizontal stretch type of game and run quick game and just exploit the underneath zones that the Rams generally the Rams generally give that underneath stuff, but that is just not Seattle's game. So they looked really uncomfortable for the majority of their game, too. But Russ did hit one or two shots over the top and that ended up being the difference. Yeah. That side of the ball, I think went as we expected it to the Rams defense. It's A, really good and B, specifically set up well to cause Russell Wilson problems. And it didn't cause them as many problems as the first game where he had the lowest grade of the season, like a PFF grade of 41 or something ridiculous. But it did cause some issues. And you had another grade in the 60s. He looked very uncomfortable for a lot. I think he is running into pressure a little bit. I think they confuse him enough on the back end that it causes all the other things. Right. It caused him to feel uncomfortable. He knows he has to work out what he's looking at and that takes him a little bit of time to diagnose. And he knows also that Aaron Donnell is coming. He doesn't have all day. Right. So he starts to get skittish in the pocket and everything. So the Rams defense did exactly what we thought it would do heading into this game. The problem is the other side of the ball didn't fire and that is a real problem. Now for Rams offense that is starting to kind of collapse and fray and I'm not sure what the answer that is really Interestingly. This might be the match up again in a couple of weeks in the playoffs. It might. Yeah. It could be three verse six, Seattle NFC west champs, which is the way I have it working out on my little playoff predicting machine. You have it in your predictor? Yeah. Just sketching out Week 17. What's that out? I mean, I didn't create the playoff predictor, but I filled in what I think will happen in Week 17 and that's spitting out Seahawks versus Rams in the playoffs. I just made a mistake a minute that needs to get cut as well. Oh, yeah. What do you do? I meant to say whip that up. I said whip it out. How about that? We'll turn that into a one off. Some people edit podcasts. We merely call out our mistakes. Yeah. Highlight that our listeners here. Yeah. Make sure they got it the first time. Hey, look, I misspoke make fun of me. It's great. Look, we all make mistakes. We've all said things we wish we hadn't. That's your one more so you than me. I'm just glad you got one on the board. Look, I've been streaking away with this. The leaderboard you're now up there. Luckily HR doesn't listen to our podcast. I don't think so. Anyway, it might be a rematch and I mentioned that it might be Ram Seahawks three on Twitter. So many people are upset. No, it's terrible. I love it. I think the third match up between the division team. I don't always love the third match up. In this case, I love it because Rams one at home, Seattle one at home. I think they're very evenly. Just strength versus strength in certain aspects and everything. I just love it. And the cat and mouse game too that I mentioned on both sides of the ball. I think the Rams defense clearly matches up well with Russell Wilson and the Seahawks offense. It's caused him as many problems as anybody. He did better this time than he did the time before. Does that mean that time three, he's going to be better still and you'll get like, good Russell Wilson. Will they have some more things to dial up to keep him suppressed? And then the other side of the ball is like, oh, okay, now the Seahawks defense just caused you some major issues. Have you been able to figure that out in two weeks? I am all for round three of this match up. I am as well. So hopefully we will see that. So the Rams, they went in there in next week. John Wolford is the backup. He is a guy that our friend Zach Robinson really liked. Rams coach Zach Robinson really liked John Wolford coming out of Wake Forest. Undrafted free agent. Just keep an eye on him. He had one preseason game a couple of years ago where he looked pretty good. Are you saying he could start at some point? Jared Goff might need to have surgery. It might not be available in Week 17. So it could be John Wolford at quarterback for the Rams and coached out by Zack. Well, Zach's the wide receivers coach unit here. But Zack, it was one of Zach's guys that he worked with in the offseason. And not all Zack guys pan out great. You can only work with what you have if it's Seann Kaiser. Hey guys, life is full of questions like what would happen to my family if something happened to me? Am I saving enough for retirement? And is now the right time to start thinking about life insurance, just to name a few. No one should have to settle for answers to these light altering questions that involve Gray areas or leaving things to chance. And with Western and Southern, you won't have to. Backed by over 130 years of experience gathering insights, building strategies and helping customers choose the right solutions, together we can look ahead to leave the unknown behind. Western and Southern Financial Group Life Insurance, Retirement and Investments Compensated endorsement products issued by member companies of Western and Southern Financial groups. Cincinnati, Ohio yeah, but Wolfe is pretty good and he's looking in limited time. So just keep an eye on that. Let's touch on Sunday Night Football and then we'll get into the NFC east. Mass. Green Bay Packers 40, Tennessee Titans 14 snow game. Always fun and love them. It didn't change anything for the passing attack for the packers. Aaron Rogers just looked comfortable, zipping the ball all over the place and spread it around. Devante Adams uncoverable once again, just incredible. Yeah. Did the packers genuinely draft AJ Dylan for this game for snow weather in December and January? Look, we've taken a look at this roster. We're in pretty good shape. We like what we have. On the other hand, December running back, there's a real hole for a bruising December snow game, power back. And we know we're going to have a couple of those games. We're in Lambo December, January when we're in the playoffs. If we roll into that NFC Championship Game again, we can't pound the ball the way we want to in the snow. We need a 250 pound back. Yes, they did. They actually did that. Okay. Yeah. So here's the thing. Going back to the draft analysis where we were right, drafting Jordan Love is going to lead to an MVP season for Aaron Rogers. I think he locked up the MVP Chris was talking about. I like the way Chris was talking about it on the broadcast. He was like, Aaron started reading when he got upset. Basically, it sounded like he had a drink on draft night and then spent the next two months just interesting. Yeah. Just like I'm going to read, I'm going to take my mind off this, whatever it was to focus. We've noticed a difference, and everybody's noticed. But notice difference in Rogers. This was like, this is Batman, right? Batman has been beaten up. By who's? It Bane thrown down the pit right now he has to rebuild himself. So instead of just getting angry and festering over all this, he starts doing it the right way, right? Learning, developing his mind, getting himself right. And now you go and wreck the world. But this was the point we made. I always make the point that I think superstar players like a Rogers or a Brady, a breeze. I think Deshaun Watson has it. When you put their back against the wall, the Michael Jordan meme with that person. I think the best players have that. There's also a degree to which you're not going to come out and say, that's how you're treating this, right? Oh, yeah, I'm pissed off. I am livid. And I'm coming out here to set the world on fire to prove all you Jackass is wrong, that you should have given me a wide receiver like I wanted. That's not the company line. Even Michael Jordan didn't say that stuff at the time. It's only 20 years later. He's like, oh, yeah, that pissed me right off. You come out and you say, oh yeah, look, I was a little bit perturbed and then I took to some reading and got my head right and just wanted to get right, just wanted to improve as a human being. So where we might have been right was that, hey, Rogers could take this personally and go back to MVP Rogers that happened. Where we may have been wrong was the fact that the packers didn't have enough weapons for him because Devante Adams has played at such an incredible level. Pff number one wide receiver catches eleven out of twelve passes for 142 and he catches all of them. The quick hitch that's going to go for a touchdown, the deep ball just perfectly thrown by Rogers and Adams makes a great catch. He's uncoverable and then the other guys, it's just a different guys stepping up every week for the packers. Yes, I think they have enough receiving weapons in terms of number two, number three, outside of Devante Adams for most games, this is just not a good game to make that point because Snow game, 37 carries, 234 yards on the ground. Devante Adams caught eleven of twelve for 142. Like the next guys, Aaron Jones two for 14, Alan Lazar two for 14. I want Mike and Brown one for 21. It was Devante Adams was the passing game. Right. Outside of that, they didn't really need anything else because they were just destroying the Titans on the ground. I do think overall though, when Alan Lazarre is there, he's the difference maker to this team, not because he's a special talent but because he's a viable number two. That Rogers trust and that lets whether it's Brown, whether it's Marquez, Valdes Scantling, that lets one of those guys be the lower volume, sort of big play threat and they've got enough. That's what I wanted to circle back to though was they have enough. And in my definition of balance is the ability to do everything right. Ron throw short, intermediate, deep and all that stuff to your initial point is AJ Dylan, their December Snow game running back. If you feel good about your passing attack and those guys developing, there's something to at least having that answer. If teams are going to let us run or if teams are going to back off or if we do need a compliment to Aaron Jones and we have a big brews or AJ Dylan 93 yards after contact, seven first downs, nine forced miss tackles. It's a good way to top off your offense and have that actual balance. If that's the way you're going to play in particular games. Sure. I mean, I wonder if you needed that with Aaron Jones and Jamal Williams there. Anyway, it's not like you're lacking for talent in the backfield. Look at the different styles of Banks, but I don't know that you necessarily need it. You do get those Derek Henry vibes out of Dylan though, right? I'm not saying it's worth a second rounder. I'm not saying it's going to lead them to the Super Bowl, but when you add that to an offense that is more not finesse. But they're a pass first offense, right? It's a pass first offense that's running the ball really effectively this year. If you do add a bruiser to that group, it's not the worst thing in the world. I'm not saying it is. There's something fun about watching a 250 pound power back that's actually functional in a way that Leonard Fournette isn't. It's just kind of fun to watch in this era of finesse football where nobody really does that when you watch Derek Henry or AJ Dillon just plow their way into a field of bodies and start dragging people for another five yards, it throw back to the 90s, 90s. It's kind of fun to watch. What is interesting, though, is that Dylan basket out Derek Henry, Derrick Henry in this game and Green Bay's defensive game plan. Their defense has taken a lot of crap this season. Justifiably it hasn't been good for a lot of it. Their game plan for this game was excellent. They understood that the Titans function as Derek Henry and AJ Brown function, right? This is where those two physical imposing monsters that you just can't match up with, that's how they're going to roll. And in particular, when it's snowing. It's a game set up for those guys, right? You have your own one. And AJ Dylan, they're going to run Derek Henry until the wheels fall off and that's how they're going to win. They did a pretty good job of stuffing that and shutting it down and forcing them to try and win with Ryan Tanner Hill through the air. And when you do that, unless Tanner Hill can rely on the Derek Henry and AJ Brown element, he isn't as good. Tanhill had a rough game throwing the ball, three turnover. He plays two actual interceptions, a couple of just poor decisions in general. But he did have a 49 yard run, so that salvage is QPR, by the way, which is good. And the fact that you can add a 49 yard run is great as a quarterback. But you also saw Chris Said to the Derek Henry factor, the whole packers defense bid on that. But that is the element that Tannahill adds to this offense. But yeah, overall the passing attack was extremely poor for the Titans. Darnell Savage, my boy, making some plays for the packers. It is funny how Tannehill is one of these cliche guys that, hey, I don't know if you know this, but he played wide receiver at one point every time Tanner Hill comes up, right. That's one of the things like Antonio Gates. I don't know if you know this, but he was a basketball player back in the day. It is funny how a guy who everybody knows and hasn't drilled into them was a wide receiver at one point, people forget that the guy is fast as hell, and if you let him loose in the open field, it's a problem. Like you can't just switch off on his own read look the way you can with certain other quarterbacks, because if he does pull the ball, you need somebody that can not just cover him but actually go with him to the corner because he might run you. If the zone read. If a keeper can make Ryan Finley dangerous, imagine what it does for for Ryan, a guy that can legitimately run fast. I will say snow games are not good for Corey Davis's. Hall of Fame credentials. No catches on two targets. Corey Mane, maybe not built for the snow. No more of a fair weather hall of Famer he is. Okay, how many snow games to Jerry Rice made? Just get him out of San Francisco in the fine weather, he's a free agent. Maybe. Or don't. These are rare games, but I don't think maybe Cory Davis shouldn't sign with Green Bay this offseason as a free agent. So 40 to 14, the Green Bay Packers, they have the number one seed right now. If they win next week against the Bears, they will. Bears, let's go to the Bears, actually. And then we'll go to NFC east. Bears 41, Jacksonville 17. Bears win and they're in. Next week. They win in Arizona. No, they win. They're in. They control their destiny now. Bears win and they're in. But it's against the path Green Bay and Green Bay does need to win, so we're not going to see rested starters or anything like that. But Bears offense efficient once again. Is it a big groundswell for Trubisky to be back? It's more than a choice. I don't know a vocal minority. I don't know how large the minority of human beings is that think that Mitchell Traviski is playing his way into a contract extension with Chicago, but I do know it's too big. I don't care how big it is, whether it's a 1% minority, a 10% minority, a 45% minority. Whatever it is, it's too big. And if it extends into the building, into Hallis Hall, it's a train wreck. Like, look, sure, the numbers have been great. The Bears are going to go back to the playoffs, maybe. And they've done that based off Trubiski coming back into the line up and then bouncing back in terms of record, having said that, look at the slate of defenses he's faced. Right? It's basically the three worst defenses in the NFL and the Minnesota Vikings who aren't the worst, but they're like 25th in every category. Right. It's four defenses that you should be beating the living snot out of. And that's exactly what the Bears have done. Critically, his grade hasn't even been good. Right? This is 2018 all over again. It's the same movie. We've seen this again. All they did was change the number on Date and republish it. We have seen what happens when the Bears have Mitchell Trubisky. The results are good. The overall offense is great and Trubisky is great as crap, right? What it means is it's not him driving this and at some point they're going to need him to play well, the wheels fall off again and you've just saddled yourself to this drag that not only is a drag on your overall offense, but if you have to sign in to a big extension, it's now a drag in your salary cap as well. Don't fall for the trap. You've seen the movie. You know how it ends and it doesn't end well for you. The end well said. Thank you. The only thing I'll add, why is the grade not good? Well, because he's not good. We had a fumble in the pocket that did not end up as a turnover and a Hail Mary from the 20 yard line. Hail Mary from the 20, essentially. Luckily, Mike Lennon came back with an interception on the next play, but Trubitsky just chucked it up in the end zone that actually did get intercepted. That showed up in the statute. And then another past misread, the safety broke on the ball should have had so he should have had three turnovers in the game, three turnover where he plays and the offense has run efficiently with him under center against four of the worst defenses. To your point, though, it has been against those poor defenses. So I mean, good job Bears bounce it back, turn into the offense around. Same point we've made in recent weeks. They've done a good job of just creating offense. They've done a much better job, play calling and all that stuff. But how much of it is who they're playing against? So yeah, the grade is not good once again for Travisky, but the results and stats are and it's just not sustainable. Like, just think about it, right? One of those teams is the Detroit Lions and Tom Brady's 43 year old ass without playing in the fourth quarter since she just threw up 47 points on them. Of course, these put up big points. The defenses are garbage. You cannot look at that and be like, oh, Trubiski's, turn the corner. Yeah, all it took was a few years of benching us not to pick up his fifth year option and essentially write him off as a future NFL quarterback. And Bam, the light went on. Stop it. I can't deal with people who think that that's a thing you can just to touch on that. So I agree. Look, tribesky might lead them to the place. They do have to beat the packers, though, so it's a more reasonable defense and you have to go head to head with Aaron Rogers next week. Not much to mention on the Jaguars, though they are locked into the number one overall pick, Trevor. Mike Renner is going to write an article on how to rebuild the Jaguars. It's going to be on PFF.com today. I am looking forward to seeing a Trevor Lawrence throwing to Levisca Chanel, DJ Shark upgrade the offensive line a little bit, attack the defense. They've got cap space, though. They've got two first round, another first round pick. Outside of Trevor Lawrence, I think there's rumors of Urban Meyer being interested in the Jacksonville shop. I don't know if Urban was just going to go wherever Trevor goes. He seems smart like that to go to a place where he could succeed. The Jaguars are just a team. They'll be in the news a lot over these next few weeks and during the offseason, so they'll be fun to discuss as we see if the Jaguars can get back to their 2017 AFC Championship ways. So Bears winning there in next week. Let's go to this NFC east mess right now. The Carolina Panthers 20 The Washington football team 13 Panthers got up early football team tried to battle back defensive struggle across the board. The football team continues to be good because their defense is solid. They did a nice job defensively, but Dwayne Haskins benched was bad. He was in a strip club this week. He was bad at football. He got benched, and then he tried to bail without talking to reporters apparently. But he ended up talking, which is great. But he's got a 35 grade in this game. Turnover. He plays left and right. Haskins not impressive. Taylor Heinicke comes in after being benched. I just love dudes with middle school arms out there. Bacon plays on an NFL football field. He made a few nice throws. Yeah, the Haskins thing is we had this discussion yesterday that you didn't love what you saw last year. I saw some signs of encouragement. It's not like he was great, but I thought there were some things to build on, particularly later as he got on right. Like the train wreck at the start was ugly, but this is a guy coming in to new, blah, blah, blah. There are reasons for it, or at least you can talk yourself into that narrative. I thought later on the year we saw some nice throws from him when he was confident in what he was seeing, he could deliver the ball, his arm looked great and then everything just fell apart. This year he was playing crap early in the season when he got benched and he seems to be like the worst possible quarterback from a leadership just sort of, hey, you're the face of this franchise. Act like a professional standpoint right between taking selfies in the stand as the game is still going on. You need to be on the field, being in the strip club with no mask on during a COVID pandemic, trying to bounce when you get everything. He's just been the worst possible leader as a quarterback and has been bad when he's been on the field. Now those two things are probably connected, but it's been a disaster for them. And now you have this team that's actually in reasonable shape with a good coach and they don't really have a quarterback. You've got Alex Smith out there Hobbled and Old. You've got Taylor. Heinicke with his middle school arm and he's not a long term starter. And then Dwayne Haskins. The Washington football team may win the division and drop themselves a ton in the draft and kind of desperately need a quarterback. If they win next week, they do win the division. They would play. They would host Brady and the Bucks in that first round match up. If it is Alex Smith under Center, I think they've got a shot. Heinecke again was good. I don't know what he looks like in a full game setting. Are they a Cam Newton candidate in the off season? I think a lot of teams connections Riverboat, Ron and Camp, that's a really good connection there. But Rivera was also there when they moved on. No, he wasn't. But yeah, I think that's a potential connection. But if Cam does that, it's the same situation in New England. I think at least they have Terry McLaren and they do have some emerging playmakers, but they do need to improve across the board offensively. It's not like Haskins or Alex Smith or anybody that's been the quarterback there has been in a great situation. I've just been most impressed with what the defense did. Chase Young got another strip sack. You still have another good game from Kendall Fuller and Ronald Derby. Like the way Jimmy Morland's flying around the field. They've done a nice job defensively, but whichever quarterback ends up there next year needs more playmakers. If they do end up winning the division and they're picking in the teens or 20s, then you're going to be out of the top quarterback sweepstakes. So they might have to get creative with a free agent like a Cam Newton. Not a bad thought. And I'm also impressed with the Panthers defense every other week is the way I feel like they've come together. Matt Rule just has them moving in the right direction. I can't wait to see what that rebuild looks like because of the way the offenses involved. They weren't great offensively across the board yesterday, but some pieces offensively, some good play calling, and a really young defense that has shown flashes. So Carolina wins. Then the other NFC east match up, the Cowboys beat the Eagles, and this was a Cowboys offense. When Andy Dalton took over, it was like, all right, it won't be as good as DAC, but with these playmakers, he should still produce. My prediction was he was going to come out with like 100 passer rating this year and Jerry Jones is going to talk him out of Dack. It's what it was supposed to look like. Yeah, he's going to talk himself out of Dack because Dalton's put up numbers with these playmakers, and the Eagles defense has been absolutely torched in recent weeks have to acknowledge that. But this with Amari Cooper and Michael Gallup and CD Lamp, this is what it was supposed to look like for Dallas along the way. It is, yeah. And the talent was always there. The problem when DAC did go down, as we said, look, the offensive line has been in ribbons anyway. Is that good enough to prevent the rest of this unit functioning? And it has been at times. It has not been at times. But this is what this offense was supposed to look like. There's an absurd amount of talent on this offense, and Andy Dalton is not a train wreck as a quarterback if you give him some time and some space to work with. So that was one element of this. This is what Dallas is supposed to look like. And by the way, the Dallas Cowboys now have a real shot of winning the NFC east after the just like biblical plague of a season that's been set upon them in 2020. Suddenly could be hosting a post season game. That's insane, right? 2020 in a nutshell. On the other side, we talked earlier about luck and how important that is in football games. Jalen Hurts had been riding his luck for those first two games. Yes, he provided this immediately higher baseline than Carson Wentz. On the other hand, he had was it five turnover worthy plays heading into this game with no interceptions. Right. He had been essentially dodging a few bullets and riding his luck, and that was changing a little bit of how you think things were actually going. Right. If Carson Wentz had avoided a bunch of turnovers because they bounced away, the Eagles would have been more productive with Carson Wentz. This game was going all the way back, right. What was turnover luck in his favor became turnover luck against him to the point where they were giving actual turnovers against him plays or his knee was down and it shouldn't have been a fumble. That was a curious call, but this is how transient that kind of stuff is, right? Hertz has yet to have a good PFF grade for a game, and while his baseline is a little bit higher and steadier than west has been, it's not like he'd been setting the world on fire and looking like a surefire superstar going forward. And the concern was if those turnover plays start bouncing in the other direction and his grade stays at this level, suddenly we're not in a good place anymore. And that's basically what happened here, right? The turnover started to bounce away from him, and now you're still grading at like 60 and therefore we can't score against Dallas. Yeah. Again, they only end up scoring 17 yesterday 80. 1 YD touchdown by Deshawn Jackson, all of which came in the first half. Yes, Diana Jackson having 80 yard touchdowns still is incredible by the way. That was what the Eagles offense was supposed to look like, too, by the way, having DeSean Jackson and not necessarily Quez Walkins, who had 57 yards and two catches, but just having the speed that they added this off season and having that big playability, at least they showed flashes of it. But yeah, they got shut down in the second half. So Hertz, from a passing grade standpoint is very similar to Wenz this season in Herz's three starts. But he had 69 yards on the ground. And again, it's supposed to be this little bit of value add, but I don't think the crazy excitement that everybody had was warranted. And we've said that the last couple of weeks. So there's still a lot to work out with Hurt and a lot of his plays. He does create some plays outside of structure where he gets out of the pocket, finds open receivers. It's just not clean down to down. He's taking nine sacks over the last two weeks. That was a big criticism of Carson Wentz. And again, the turnover worthy plays. That was one of the big reasons for optimism after week one. Right? Hurts comes in, doesn't take a sack. Everything is a lot better. Yeah. But next week, again, it's very easy to get drawn into the small sample size things and make giant sweeping statements and head yourself down in the wrong direction. But Jalen Hurts is not graded particularly well. I do think he's been better than Carson Wentz in chief because Wenz was just causing all kinds of his own problems. Right. Jalen Hurts is not necessarily causing most of his own problems, but he hasn't shown this huge upside that a lot of people were crediting him for in those first couple of games. And I think I'm not saying that his future has got no hope. Right. There's some really encouraging signs. He's made some big plays. He's got some big time throws in there. There's been a lot of good in jail and Hurts as well. But he hasn't shown you that he's the answer for 2021 and beyond. Right? That was the thing that people were saying is, oh, Carson Wentz is done. Now this is Jalen Hurts team. He's never getting the job bank. You can't make that determination based on what you've seen from Jalen Hurts so far. No, I completely agree that he's not locked in as the guy again, we don't. Overreact here on the Pffnfl podcast, we said a few weeks ago, no matter what happens in these four games, unless he looks like Russell Wilson or Andrew Locke, if he looks like Dak Prescott, immediately obvious right out of the gate that this is completely different. And people tried to make that claim after a week or two weeks and it just wasn't the case. The grade never matched that hype. Now, on the other side of the coin, you have Andy Dalton, who has been the model of consistency the last few weeks, passing grades 707-170-7178. He's now the most consistent quarterback in the NFC East, Andy Dalton. And if the Cowboys beat the Giants next week and the Eagles beat the football team, Dallas Cowboys win the NFC east, and they will host the Tampa Bay Bucks in the first round. So we'll talk about the Giants in a minute here Per Field Yates. The Giants have the ability to pick number three overall or win the NFC east next week, which I love. And I think to get to the number three pick overall, they need like every bad team to win. Right. But I just love that that's a range of outcomes for the New York Giants. They lost Ravens 20 713, and it wasn't even that close. The Ravens pretty much dominated that first half and beyond. Yes, the Giants could be anywhere, and I love that. Yes, range of outcomes in Week 17 and it goes from the third overall pick to hosting a post season game is pretty impressive. So the Giants and Cowboys need they're rooting for the Eagles. It might feel dirty, Dallas and Giants fans, but you're rooting for the Eagles. The Eagles are the only team in the east right now that cannot win the division. Yeah, the Giants and Cowboys are rooting for the Eagles to beat the football team. And then the winner of Giants Cowboys hosts a playoff game. Sam and the loser picks in the top ten. It's unbelievable. I can't wait. I don't even know what's better. That's the weird thing about this. Okay. Even if you host a playoff game, you're not winning. I made the point on the Daily about the Dolphins, and I think they're a playoff caliber team this year. I don't think the Dolphins are fools gold. It's like this upward trajectory where you kind of want to play a playoff game and it's part of your development for the Dolphins. I think if it's the Giants or the Cowboys, based off what we've seen this year, it's fools gold. I think you'd rather the pick over likely losing to the Bucks in a home game in the playoffs. That's just my I think every team, though, works on the basis that once you make it to the dance, anything can happen. Isn't that how NFL people think? Like, nobody's thinking, hey, even if we make the playoffs, we're done. We're getting booted out. It's a good development thing. We learn about post season football. They're like, no, if we get there, it's a few little one off games. Anything can happen. I will say not that we're 15 games removed from our preseason takes, but the Cowboys did feel like a playoff caliber team. Like Super Bowl contender this year with Dakota Scott. Yeah. So with Dalton's playing as efficient as he is right now, if he just puts up 70 passing grades every week with those playmakers, they could put points up. So Dallas would be the one team I think could go in there and say, you know what, we could actually we could beat the box. We could do some damage in the playoffs because they're rounding into form very late here and the defense hasn't been as atrocious as they were earlier in the season. Ravens take away is what we've said the last few weeks. They're going to look like last year's Ravens, they ran for 249 yards. You got ten plus carries from Gus Edwards, from Lamar Jackson, from JK Dobbins. They all averaged at least 5.7 per car? This is the 2019 Ravens. Lamar only throws the ball 26 times past a rating of 111. Couple of nice red zone passes. I mean, that is the Raven's rounding into form while also playing some of the worst teams in the League down the stretch. Yes, it's another one of those games where it's like, okay, yeah, this is what it was supposed to look like. But can you actually take anything away from it, given the opposition and given they were set up to succeed and they succeeded, so what do you take from that? Is the result the important thing that okay, they succeeded so we can move on and build on that, or is it that this was a product of being set up to succeed and do well? This isn't a Ravenspecific thing. This is throughout the NFL, particularly this week. There's just been so many of these games where the takeaway is almost, well, this was inevitable. This is how it's supposed to happen. So I don't know what you learn from this. The Ravens, they're probably going to win next week as well. They're trying to get into those play off spots. They're trying to jump back in there having slipped out when they had their woes. I think they will end up making it. But I don't know if that's because they've gone on this run of bad defenses. Like if the team that looks like 2019 Baltimore is actually back or if they just face teams that are bad enough for them to look that way. Yes, I think it's a combination of both. We also debated who the best team is in the AFC north last week on the Daily and that I like the way the Ravens are trending, even if it is expected. If you put the Ravens up against the Browns of the Steelers right now, I like the Ravens. Right. So I can't wait to watch this AFC playoff picture unfold because there's going to be so many good games. There two other games to get through this week I want to touch on Bengals Texans. Bengals win 37 to 31 My next door neighbor, Bengals fan very upset that the Bengals were winning yesterday. And I think Bengals fans in general are very upset that they won because they're not picking number three any longer. The number three pick is actually going to the Houston Texans, which is really going to the Miami Dolphins. So those were the implications of yesterday's game. Thank you, Bill. So the Dolphins are now not locked in, but they're as of right now picking number three overall with the Texans pick while going to the post season while going to the postseason. But the Bengals fans are upset because the offensive line is bad. You got to protect Joe Barrow and Penetcioul is their guy, right? It's going to go QB, QB, run to the podium, go get Penetul, get your tackle for the next ten years, that whole yadda yadda yadda deal. Move Jonah Williams to the right side. However, what if this is a blessing in disguise for the Bengals? I love a good offensive tackle. I love creeping back toward average on the offensive line. But what if it's a playmaker for Joe Burrow? Aj Green is going to be moving on and you get a Devante Smith or you get a Jamar chase. You get chase back with Borough. What if they actually get a playmaker? T Higgins is looking pretty good on the other. What if you get a playmaker and you actually do just creep back toward average on the offensive line and you start to surround Joe Burrow with playmakers? It might actually pan out for the Bengals, but in this game, Brandon Allen absolutely balled out. Conservative game plan. But when they threw the ball down the field, he was awesome. Yeah. Which is one of the more unexpected things to happen this season. Yeah. I was just about to check if that happened. And Austin lets me know that T Higgins did, in fact, break Chris's rookie record for receptions in the season. Happen this week. The game to spare. Pouring out for Chris, pouring out. It's pretty impressive that we're in a new studio, so I'm not going to just speaking of, like, records that hung around for a while. I'm not saying the boss is old, but he played in the 80s. He run first pass run, first offense and all that stuff. Right. Tegans just took away his record. Chris was good. Yeah, he was. Mike Evans before Mike Evans, 65 speedster without the tack gloves, dude, no gloves. Bare hands out there in the freezing cold trying to catch a brick of a football. I saw somebody also trying to, you know, Chris always talks about the 59 below game, the AFC Championship game against the Chargers. The one year, whatever it was, somebody was like, well, actually it was only like -38 the way they measured it was completely. Yes, that makes a real difference. Eat that, Chris. It was only -38 not -59 let the record show. So, yes, Bengals are playing hard. These last couple of weeks in the offense, I've seen signs of life, I think, from Zach Taylor offense, from a coaching standpoint, from the Bengals getting a little bit more creative offensive, creating more offense across the board. So I think Bengals fans also wanted to see something out of him in his two years. Right. And that, I think is at least trending in the right direction on the Houston side. It's just very sad defensively how bad they are. Very sad. They are bad. As excellent as Brandon Allen was, it was like, man, Houston just can't stop anybody. They really can't. And it's another game where Deshawn Watson was born to Sean Watson. The dude is just out there trying to get this all done by himself. Played a solid game. Kind of succeeding, right? He's actually again, he's now one game away from going the whole season without having a bad game. This is Patrick Mahomes levels of absurdity. Except Patrick Mahomes had a bad game yesterday. Mahomes had multiple bad games this year. Mahomes also surrounded by this insane supporting cast of coach receiving group Travis Kelsey. Everything right. Deshawn Watson is out there on his own now with Brandon Cooks back this week, desperately trying to be anything north of like a disaster overall for his team. Like, JJ Watt is out there giving these press conference speeches about we are getting paid a fortune to play a game. Of course, you can go out there and give it 100% for everybody else who's invested in this, right? The least you can do is be invested in this late in the season when you don't have anything to play for him and Deshawn Watson. Watson's season is incredible this year, given what's been taken away from him and what he has to work with, it might be the most impressive quarterback performance in the NFL. Forget Aaron Rogers. Forget Mahomes. Forget Russell Wilson. Deshawn Watson is doing more with less than anybody else in the NFL right now, a quarterback, and it's still not enough to beat the Bengals. The one thing it's more with less as a team. Your original point before the season was with no DeAndre Hopkins. We're going to see the best of Sean Watson. That has been true. Brandon Cooks ended up being a really nice addition for them. My big thing with Watson is he's still producing without Will Fuller. We hadn't seen that previously. I will credit Farrow Brown and Darren Fells decided to become unstoppable, untackable tight ends down the stretch in the second half, so they made some big plays for the Texans as well. Also couldn't predict the sumage April breakout 95 yards on the ground and two doors and a bunch of catches. How damaging is that trade, though? Where like, okay, you've got Laramie Tunzel, on the other hand, now everything's been blown up. You have Desaun Watson in desperate need of help and your top five pick is in Miami town. So just for perspective, yes. So the Texans got two years of Larry McConnell in a well above average left tackle play. But if they were picking number three overall, they'd say, okay, we'll take Panetol, they'll get their tackle, right? That was the pick that they got for tonsil. Yeah, just long term team building. Strategy wise, trading high picks year over year is what adds up to a talent deficiency. It's such a ticket. You could do it once in a while. You pick your spots, but you need your talent base to be coming from the draft. And the Texans absolutely do not have that. It's such a weird job because on the one hand, you have the best starting point available in terms of have a young top five quarterback who's playing out of his mind with no help. On the other hand, I have nothing to work with to build around him. I don't have my draft picks at the top of the draft. I don't have the capacity to put a team around this guy to the point where he's capable of winning. Yeah. I mean, look, if they just get a little bit better next year, though, you get Trevor Lawrence into that division. The AFC south becomes one of the most fun divisions in football. Let's wrap it up with AFC west battle. Denver Broncos at the Los Angeles charges charges win 19 to 16 Broncos tried to make the comeback your boy Jerry Judy just can't catch the ball. It's just an amazing discount. Drew Locke was inaccurate for the majority of the game, but when he would make a good throw, Judy is going to drop it. It was just this back and forth. Denver can't move the ball because either the quarterback is missing or the good receiver is not catching the ball. Look, I love Jerry Judy because his rat running is just pure, unadulterated sexiness, right? So I'm going to try and find excuses for Jerry Judy. We'll get that on social media. Do you remember when Steve Smith was on the show and he said, if you're not giving the ball early and often, you can get in your own head. When it arrives, you start to body catch it. You start to tighten up. The ball hasn't arrived. I know this is my chance. I got to make it. Jerry Judy, the baseline of quarterback play that he has had to work with is so bad that on the rare occasion the ball actually finds its way to him, he just chokes and drops. It's unfortunate, but it's not his fault. Five drops. I'm a big drops or overrated guy. Drops are overrated. Getting open is the most important thing. Judy gets open over. If you catch 80% of your passes that are catchable, that's bad. But it's still better than not getting open 50% of the time. Right? But five drops in a game, man on 15 targets, that is rough, not ideal. Most in the game by anybody this season. But I'm still a Jerry Judy believer as well. And when I look Lock was to blame as well for a lot. You made some good throw, some bad. As I said, when I still look at this offense, Deshawn Hamilton does some nice things. I know he might not be around but Tim Patrick might not be around. But I like what they've built from a playmaker standpoint. I want to see a quarterback out there who can distribute consistently and you're still not seeing that from the Broncos. Okay. Game from Justin Herbert on the other side with the Chargers. They find a way to win and they're finishing the season. Okay, here the funny thing is this was like the game that Judy has been crying out for for most of the season in terms of high volume targets. Most of them were actually where they needed to be. Hit him. Eleven catchable passes thrown his way. This is the game that hasn't been there for all season where you're like, God, if Judy could just get some reliable quarterback play hitting him with the ball, he'd make a few more of those catches, have a few more opportunities, get him in the zone and then you get that big 100 yard game that he's had, what, once this season he actually had it and then dropped five passes. It's like, damn it, Jerry, come on, help me out here. I've been campaigning on your behalf for a better quarterback. If you're going to, you need to at least catch the ball next year. My one concern with Judy is being that high volume, like over the middle catch the ball in traffic type of guy. And he makes some nice throws and catches in traffic too. But him compared to Justin Jefferson or compared to CD Lamb coming out. I felt like those guys were a little bit better than Judy from that. My original comp with him was he's Calvin Ridley but played at 120% speed. Right. The percentage bar. If you could dial Calvin Ridley up to like 120 percent, that's Jerry Judy. He's quicker. He's faster in terms of running his route, string moves together, all those things. But I think it also comes with the same limitations that Calvin Ridley had. Right. Which is he doesn't attack the ball tremendously well in the air. He's not the most natural hands catcher in the world. He's going to drop some passes. The basic ball skills part of it is not great. But I would usually take a guy if you could only have one. I would prefer a guy that will get the hell open every single play versus a guy who will catch everything thrown his way but will never be open. Right. So like if Kelvin Benjamin or Nikhil Harry had the best hands and contests to catch skills in the world, I would take the guy that will be open every snap. It might drop a bunch of passes and that's kind of what we're seeing with Judy. The drops have been more of a problem this year than they should be. But I think we've seen that. Murray Cooper is a good example. Right. Amari Cooper has those seasons where he drops like 15, he drops him bunches, right? And you're like, come on, why are you doing this? I think the same thing is true with Judy, and I think it probably gets magnified when you have a bad baseline of quarterback play coming your way. It's probably in your head to a degree that I'm not going to get many of these. I need to catch them. So, yeah, Judy is part of his own problem in terms of dropping the ball. But long term, I think the floor is so high for a guy that just gets that open consistently. There was a play against was it Mike Davis, where he just made him fall over, running it in route that's hard. You can't teach that, right? There's a degree of sophistication to that level of route running that's invaluable, and that turns what could be a contested catch, a tight coverage situation, a tough throw for quarterback into the corner, fell over. I got ten yards to pitch this into. Ty Hilton also made a corner fall yesterday on an out route. And as I'm thinking of it, that might actually be a pretty good proxy for Judy and what he's capable of. So I'm not ready to give up on Judy despite six catches, five drops. I want to get out of here on this. Do your little Drew Lock, Justin Herbert compare those old Looney Tunes cartoons or whatever where there's a guy and he's got the good version of himself, mini angel on one shoulder and the bad version of himself, the little devil on the other shoulder. It feels like Justin Herbert and Drew Locke are like the angel and devil of the same quarterback somewhere along the line. And even when they both got great arms, they've both got the sort of height, weight, size, stature of a quarterback. They look like NFL quarterbacks. They've got like the same 40 times, the same short shuttle time, the same three cone. Justin Herbert is a little bit more explosive in terms of jumping numbers and has a bit better of an arm, but they both got cannons. But Herbert has all of the stuff worked out right. He's incredibly good under pressure so far in year one. He's good under the blitz. He understands when to take the easy check down and not try and do too much play. Hero ball. Drew Locke is like the other end of the scale. I just cannot work out when to cut bait on a play and move on to the next one. He's got like a grade in the 20s under pressure. He's got a pass rating in the 20s under pressure. Drew Locke's passer rating under pressure is ten points worse than if every time he was pressured, he ran around the circle and threw the ball at the floor. That's how bad he's been under pressure. So it just feels like somewhere along somewhere there's like a cartoon quarterback and that's the angel and devil version of the same guy. I don't completely agree across the board. I do think Herbert is a little bit more talented but I think the premise is fine. I also think from a drew lock standpoint, as much as we've trashed him this is going to end up being one of his best passing grades of career and it's the second time he's had a really good passing grade and everybody's let him down. So when I talk about supporting cast it's not always they're going to catch everything. It's just like they're creating open throws and that's what I think you see in Dallas. That's what you see in Buffalo and I think you see that in Denver. Lock me every time he did make a good throw. It just wasn't showing up on that. I had another analogy if you prefer this one. You ever see the movie twins Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito. So the story was exactly yeah, it's perfect. So the story there was that Arnie was this genetic experiment taken from all the greatest scientists and strong men and whatever like the perfect genetic pool of a human right. And then Danny DeVito, his twin was like the genetic waste that was left over from that. So Justin Herbert is like the perfect formulation of an NFL quarterback and drew Locke is like related to him but didn't get quite the same genetic benefits. Got what was left over East Danny DeVito. All I know is my charger fan is so excited that you have come around on Justin Herbert and called him perfect genetic specimen. There you go. That'll do it for week 16 bills Patriots tonight, Monday night football. We'll be back here on Thursday previewing all of the crazy week 17 action. We'll have scenarios galore all scenarios for the playoffs. Be sure to again check out the pfnfl daily. Check out Chris Collinsworth's podcast anywhere. You guys find your podcast right here. And don't forget our friends over at monkey knife fight. Go get your PFF edge at monkey knife fight because it's going away soon. Thanks everyone for tuning in. We'll be back on Thursday. You.